README.md, before:

# Vulkan Code Sample Framework

The Adreno™ GPU Vulkan Code Sample Framework is a lightweight collection of C++ classes and sample projects to demonstrate Vulkan rendering features on the Qualcomm Snapdragon Adreno™ GPU.

Both Android and Microsoft Windows build targets are supported (some samples may require/target Qualcomm Adreno™ specific Vulkan extensions).

## Prerequisites

### Windows

- Visual Studio (tested against 2019)
- CMake (tested against 3.18+) https://cmake.org/download/
- Git https://git-scm.com/downloads
- Vulkan SDK (1.2 or later) https://vulkan.lunarg.com/

### Android

- Android Studio (install NDK and SDK)
- CMake (> 3.10) https://cmake.org/download/
- Ninja https://github.com/ninja-build/ninja/releases (or install Cmake from Android Studio and add the cmake bin folder to your PATH - AFTER the CMake path from the step above)
- Java JDK https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html

## Build Setup

### Windows

Ensure CMake is in the Windows PATH

### Android

Create *project/android/local.properties* with the location of our local Jdk and Ndk installs eg:
<pre><code>ndk.dir=C\:\\Users\\yourname\\AppData\\Local\\Android\\Sdk\\ndk\\21.0.6113669
sdk.dir=C\:\\Users\\yourname\\AppData\\Local\\Android\\Sdk
org.gradle.java.home=C\:\\Program Files\\Java\\jdk1.8.0_241
cmake.dir=C\:\\Tools\\cmake-3.17.1-win64-x64
</code></pre>

## Building

In the root folder there is a batch file for building each platform

`01_BuildAndroid.bat`

`02_BuildWindows.bat`

Android uses Gradle and CMake to build an Android .apk for each sample.

Windows uses CMake to build a Visual Studio solution that is then built using Visual Studio (and can then be opened in the Visual Studio IDE).  An .exe is output for each sample.

The Windows Visual Studio file is written to `project\windows\solution\vkSampleFramework.sln`.  Once created for the first time it can be opened and used in Visual Studio 2019 (VS2019 has full support for editing CMakeLists.txt).  When using VS2019 to compile and run, be sure to point the debugger to the correct 'Working Directory' for each sample.

## Running

See the [Samples](samples) folder for instructions on building assets and running individual samples. 

## Directory Structure

- [/framework](framework)
Contains the sample framework code.
- [/framework/external](framework/external)
Contains external projects used by the framework (mostly as git submodules)
- [/project](project)
Platform specific top level build files and build tools.
- [/samples](samples)
Samples that use the framework.

## License
Adreno™ GPU Vulkan Code Sample Framework is licensed under the BSD 3-clause “New” or “Revised” License. Check out the [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

First pass of OSX support using GLFW and the Vulkan OSX 'MoltenVk' and Vulkan portability layer.

README.md, after:

# Vulkan Code Sample Framework

The Adreno™ GPU Vulkan Code Sample Framework is a lightweight collection of C++ classes and sample projects to demonstrate Vulkan rendering features on the Qualcomm Snapdragon Adreno™ GPU.

Both Android and Microsoft Windows build targets are supported (some samples may require/target Qualcomm Adreno™ specific Vulkan extensions).

## Prerequisites

### Windows

- Visual Studio (tested against 2019)
- CMake (tested against 3.18+) https://cmake.org/download/
- Git https://git-scm.com/downloads
- Vulkan SDK (1.2 or later) https://vulkan.lunarg.com/

### Android

- Android Studio (install NDK and SDK)
- CMake (> 3.10) https://cmake.org/download/
- Ninja https://github.com/ninja-build/ninja/releases (or install Cmake from Android Studio and add the cmake bin folder to your PATH - AFTER the CMake path from the step above)
- Java JDK https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html

### OSX

- Command line tools for Xcode
- CMake (tested against 3.22+) https://cmake.org/download/
- Git https://git-scm.com/downloads
- Vulkan SDK (1.2 or later) https://vulkan.lunarg.com/

## Build Setup

### Windows

Ensure CMake is in the Windows PATH

### Android

Create *project/android/local.properties* with the location of our local Jdk and Ndk installs eg:
<pre><code>ndk.dir=C\:\\Users\\yourname\\AppData\\Local\\Android\\Sdk\\ndk\\21.0.6113669
sdk.dir=C\:\\Users\\yourname\\AppData\\Local\\Android\\Sdk
org.gradle.java.home=C\:\\Program Files\\Java\\jdk1.8.0_241
cmake.dir=C\:\\Tools\\cmake-3.17.1-win64-x64
</code></pre>

## Building

In the root folder there is a batch file for building each platform

`01_BuildAndroid.bat`

`02_BuildWindows.bat`

`03_BuildOSX.sh`

Android uses Gradle and CMake to build an Android .apk for each sample.

Windows uses CMake to build a Visual Studio solution that is then built using Visual Studio (and can then be opened in the Visual Studio IDE).  An .exe is output for each sample.

The Windows Visual Studio file is written to `project\windows\solution\vkSampleFramework.sln`.  Once created for the first time it can be opened and used in Visual Studio 2019 (VS2019 has full support for editing CMakeLists.txt).  When using VS2019 to compile and run, be sure to point the debugger to the correct 'Working Directory' for each sample.

OSX uses CMake to build a Makefile that is then built using 'make'.  An executable is output for each sample.

## Running

See the [Samples](samples) folder for instructions on building assets and running individual samples. 

## Directory Structure

- [/framework](framework)
Contains the sample framework code.
- [/framework/external](framework/external)
Contains external projects used by the framework (mostly as git submodules)
- [/project](project)
Platform specific top level build files and build tools.
- [/samples](samples)
Samples that use the framework.

## License
Adreno™ GPU Vulkan Code Sample Framework is licensed under the BSD 3-clause “New” or “Revised” License. Check out the [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more details.
